added paragraph on enforcing xals (#24)
usnistgov/800-63-ImplResourceCenter: _63C/rps.md

The RP ought to remember the identifiers of assertions as long as those identifiers are valid. Since assertions have a relatively short lifespan, this can be accomplished without large storage requirements by remembering only otherwise-valid assertion IDs within their validity window. If an assertion is replayed after it has expired, it will be rejected based on its expiration.

### C.3.1.5 Requesting and Enforcing IAL and AAL {#s-c-3-1-5}

> Many federation protocols allow signaling between the IdP and RP to enable communication of the assurance levels in play for a given federation transaction. The RP can require that the IdP authenticate the subscriber using a particular AAL, or it can indicate that the IdP should only respond if the subscriber has been proofed at a given IAL or higher. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many federation protocols allow signaling between the IdP and RP to enable communication of the assurance levels required for a given federation transaction. The RP can require that the IdP authenticate the subscriber using a particular AAL, or it can indicate that the IdP should only respond if the subscriber has been proofed at a given IAL or higher. 
```
